Below, you will find a list of the questions most frequently asked by our guests.



 

1. Check-in time?

As a rough guide, the check-in time is after 12 a.m. Let us know your arrival time in case you schedule and early check in we‘ll do our best to have your room available.

 

2. Check-out time?

As a rough guide, the check-out time is before 12pm. If you plan a late check out kindly let us know your departure time, we’ll our best to satisfy your needs.

 

3. Is Reception open 24 hours?

Yes, Reception service is available 24 hours.

 

4. Which languages are spoken at Reception?

Italian, English, French, German and Spanish.

 

5. Can I leave my luggage?

Yes, we can look after your luggage. If at check in your room is not ready yet or in case of early check out after .We will store your luggage free of charge on your check-in and check-out days.



6. Internet connection?

A wireless internet connection is available throughout the hotel.

The guest rooms feature hi-speed web connectivity (both wireless and cabled).

 

7. Which is the nearest airport?

The nearest airport is the Tessera/Marco Polo Airport in Venice, which is located around 10 km away.

 

8. Which is the nearest train station?

The nearest railway station is in Mestre only 2 km away from the hotel

 

9. How can I reach Mestre from the airport?

You can reach the Hotel by ATVO bus, every 30 minutes stopping in "Via Forte Marghera", 30 meters away from hotel or by private taxi.

 

10. Is a limousine service available from the airport?

Yes, this service is available on request. When booking this service, please state the flight number for your arrival and/or departure and the relevant times. The cost of the service depends on which airport you are arriving at or departing from.

 

11. Can I rent a car at the hotel or nearby?

Yes, you can rent a car either through the hotel or from one of the local car-rental specialists with which we have special agreements in place.

 

12. If I come by car, which motorway exit should I take?

If you are coming from A4 highway have to follow direction Venezia Airport (Tangenziale Mestre) and exit Mestre Port and Center.

 

13. Is the hotel in the centre of Mestre?

Yes, the hotel is in the centre of Mestre, just 100m from the pedestrian area.

 

14. Is breakfast included in the price?

Breakfast is offered to all guests staying at the hotel.

 

15. What is offered at breakfast?

The buffet breakfast includes a selection of croissants, charcuterie, cheeses, eggs and bacon.

 

16. What time is breakfast served?

Breakfast is served from 7am to 10am, every day.

 

17. Is room service available? If so, at what times?

Room service is available from 7am to 9pm.



18. What difference is there between a comfort room and a superior room?

The decor is the same, but the superior rooms are larger.

 

19. When were the rooms last refurbished?

The hotel has very recently been fully renovated in May 2005.

 

20. What is the difference between a twin room and a double room?

A twin room has two single beds, whereas a double room has one double bed.

 

21. Do you have adjoining rooms?

Yes. If you require adjoining rooms, please request them when making your booking.

 

22. Do you have smoking and non-smoking rooms?

You can choice Smoking or Non-Smoking room as You prefer.

 

23. Do you have rooms that have services for those with disabilities?

At the moment these rooms are not available.

 

24. Do the bathrooms have baths or showers?

Most of the rooms have shower. The bath tub is available at reservation time.

 

25. How many floors does the hotel have?

The hotel has five floors in all.

 

26. Is there a lift?

There are two lifts for guests.

 

27. How many bars does the hotel have?

The hotel has one bar.

 

28. Are there car parking spaces or a car park?

Our hotel has a private car parking.

 

29. How much does parking cost?

The car park costs is included in a room rate.

 

30. Are pets allowed to stay at the hotel?

Yes, pets are most welcome. There is a daily charge of € 10

 

31. How far in advance do I have to book?

As soon as you have planned your trip! We sometimes have last-minute availability, but in general the earlier you book, the lower the room rate.

 

32. Is it cheaper to book online?

On our site, you will find a number of deals that are cheaper than the official rate, but there are certain restrictions. You can save more than 15%.

 

33. Is the online booking procedure secure?

Yes, we use the SSL protocol, so all bookings made on our site are secure.

 

34. Are the prices quoted per room or per person?

The prices quoted are always per room for Bed & Breakfast, is always important to check for the most comfortable type of room.

 

35. Do children stay for free? (Please note: one child only per room)

Yes, children up to the age of 2 stay for free (accompanied by an adult).

 

36. Is it possible to have a cot/child’s bed in the room? If so, at what price?

Yes, cots and children’s beds are available at additional cost of € 20 per night.

 

37. At what time can I check-in? By what time must I check-out?

As a rough guide, check-in is after 12 a.m. and check-out is before 12am.

 

38. When do I need to pay for the accommodation?

Payment of any outstanding balance is made when you check out, but payment must be guaranteed when you check in, unless agreed otherwise on the basis of the applicable rates.

 

39. Can I pay by credit card?

Yes, we accept Visa, MasterCard, JCB, American Express and Diners Club cards.

 

40. Does the hotel have a conference room? If so, how many people can it accommodate?

The hotel has one conference room that can accommodate from 1 to 25 people.

 

41. do you have a restaurant

We have a special agreement with a Restaurant nearby "Trattoria Geremia" just 80 meters from the hotel